Israel's war cabinet is expected to
reconvene later on Sunday to discuss an
offensive on Rafa the evacuation of
civilians will be on the agenda the
cabinet met on Saturday to discuss
sending negotiators to Qatar for
ceasefire talks following a meeting in
Paris last week let's speak to H salut
she's in occupied East Jerusalem for us
H what are we expecting to come out of
this latest War cabinet
meeting
we do know that the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is going to
present his staff and ministers with a
plan that's a dual action plan one for
Israel's ground Invasion into daah and
two an evacuation plan for the nearly 1
and a half million Palestinians who are
seeking refuge in gaza's southern most
city now something else that's going to
be on the agenda is the potential
captives deal remember there is an
Israeli delegation that has been been
meeting with negotiators but the Israeli
Prime Minister has said himself that
there is still no deal inside meaning
there's no confirmation that a deal is
actually imminent additionally when
we're talking about Rafa the Prime
Minister while speaking to American
Media has said that if there is a deal
the ground Invasion would be delayed if
there is not a deal the ground Invasion
would happen sooner but that no matter
what the outcome would be around a deal
that Israel's ground invasion inaa
despite all of the international
criticisms and condemnation was going to
take place because he says that is the
only way to achieve a total victory over
Hamas and if we look at the negotiations
for a deal we are hearing that the
Israelis are going to be sending a
delegation to Doha this coming week do
we know anything about that delegation
who might be in
it we don't yet know the makeup of the
delegation that the Israelis will be
sending to Doha but we do know that the
team that just returned from Paris with
what they're calling an outline for a
framework included the head of Israel's
mosad and the head of Israel's Shin Bet
these are the external and internal
security agencies respectively so they
came back with what they say was
something a little bit tangible and they
actually convened Israel's war cabinet
on Saturday night on the phone to
discuss these plans according to reports
within Israeli media we're looking at a
time line of a 6 week pause in the
fighting around 40 Israeli captives to
be released and hundreds of Palestinian
prisoners from Israeli jails also to be
released but there are still a lot of
gaps to be filled there are still a lot
of sticking points like who the Israeli
captives will be who would be released
who the Palestinian prisoners that would
be released are so there's still a lot
of information that's up in the air but
again there are no indications that a
deal is in sight and the Israeli Prime
Minister has said himself that even
though these negotiations are ongoing
it's not an indicator that both sides
are seemingly willing to give up more
concessions he says that hamas's demands
are inconceivable and that they need to
take a step back on what they are
demanding but again it's a little bit
too soon to say if there is a deal just
yet okay ham H the bring there from
occupied East Jerusalem thanks hamda